hey what up I just made a long
reasonable video that takes 20 minutes
and in this video I wanted to be brief
and unreasonable and a little bit more
action-packed to be blunt um what
happens when vegans take over the
government something all the world fears
and you know I think actually we
ourselves I think people who are a
little bit thoughtful and reflective and
philosophical about veganism we might be
afraid of that scenario also we have a
very interesting analogue a very
interesting case study in India right
now with the controversy surrounding the
ban on beef and various sort of halfway
bans on meat meat production slaughter
of animals now if you read the American
press on this it's completely
hypocritical completely shallow in and
sincere and the way Americans respond to
this is by saying the only story here is
of one religious group oppressing
another this is just the tragedy of
Hindus oppressing Muslims and there's
absolutely no possibility the American
imagination that the oppression of the
cows could itself be an issue that the
production of meat and milk might have
other elements philosophical ethical and
ecological aside from and in addition to
the religious conflict between Hindus
and Muslims
although definitely the Hindu versus
Muslim conflict is part of the story I
had a lot of interest a few years ago in
the debates in Sri Lanka Sri Lanka is a
small country just south east of India
where instead of Hinduism it's Buddhism
that's the most popular religion they
also have a significant Hindu population
but in a majority rules circumstance the
the Buddhists are the most powerful
people in Parliament and there were real
debates about whether or not Buddhists
should try to minimize or make illegal
completely
the slaughter of cows the production of
beef and there
again there are interesting religious
elements partly because Buddhists do eat
and pee beef but they buy beef from
non-buddhists slaughterhouses it is very
common to hear Buddhists say things in
that part of the world like don't worry
the butcher is a Muslim ie the bad karma
from killing this animal doesn't go to
me and doesn't go to a fellow Buddhist
instead goes to muscles so ok these are
somewhat bizarre issues the the
questions involved are can only
imperfectly be applied from one cultural
setting to another but still the
questions are really worth thinking
about when the Bolsheviks took over
power in Russia 1917
give or take a few years there was a
civil war there were a few other
interruptions in there the Bolsheviks
were not supported by the majority the
population and if you don't nee look at
the election results from the the
elections of as I recalled November 1917
quite late in 1917 there were elections
held in Russia Lenin didn't win the
Bolsheviks didn't win a remarkably small
percentage of people voted for the
Bolsheviks but they seemed to somehow
take over power and keep power anyway
the Soviet Union was not known for
having a tremendously fair or democratic
system of government as you may have
heard um but those elections proved it
so you know it does happen from time to
time in history that a majority a
minority has the dynamism and
organization to somehow take over
government or have a significant control
of government and it's not inconceivable
people make the defensible claim that
that Israel is about 7 percent vegan in
the near future a place like Taiwan a
place like Sri Lanka a place like India
four totally different cultures Israel
Taiwan Sri Lanka India these could have
you know minorities of vegans who
somehow get organized and take over the
power of the state and start imposing
the
and others and in reading history as
something very different from living
through history in reading history it's
always easy to feel sympathy for the
oppressed party even if they're wrong
even if they have blood on their hands
even if they're terrible people in so
many ways in reading about communism
which I do a lot of at the University
when the Communists are the ones being
persecuted when it's the Communists who
is living in a cave in the jungle
sleeping with a gun under his pillow
he has no electricity he's on the
margins of society and he's being
persecuted because of his beliefs it's
very easy to sympathize with the the
communist side when the Communists take
over the government and start doing the
persecuting when they start murdering
millions of people then obviously he
know your sympathy is instead with the
people being persecuted the people being
slaughtered
I'm sorry sensed no exaggeration lately
I've been reading them reading some
first-person eyewitness accounts from
the Russian Revolution of atrocities
committed by the Communists and boy whew
if you haven't already been scarred for
life really studying that chapter of
history will scar your life
I'm not quite immune to the emotional
effect that studying that type of
history has on you but I've already
worked on Cambodia China many other
dramatic and extreme and revolutionary
changes in the world's history but
lately I've been learning some things
about Russia that I did not know before
and how Russia fits into this tree of
Asia but I digress look I think it
really is an interesting and genuinely
provocative question ask what would
happen or what will happen if vegans get
a little piece of state power in any of
these countries it certainly isn't gonna
happen in Canada or in Germany or France
in the next ten years because vegans are
too tiny I might already there but in
the history of the world for a
well-organized highly motivated minority
of 7% of the population to really get
some traction can happen in a cultural
context where either
Hinduism or Buddhism magnifies the
significance of veganism because people
who are non vegan whom recognized this
is something morally important that's
really the effect Buddhism as Buddhism
the vast majority of Buddhists do eat
meat but still they recognize that
abstaining from meat is important and
they recognize that the production of
meat is itself violent the that's a huge
difference from the American journalists
who write these ridiculous articles I'm
gonna give you a link to a typical
example below this video it's not the
worst but it's just smarmy American
attitude of O banning the production of
beef in India this can't possibly have
any legitimacy this is just about Hindus
pushing around Muslims and there's
there's nothing else there's no other
substance story
well what happens when vegans are the
ones doing the pushing around it's it's
hard for me to imagine that they'd want
to take a sort of gradual halfway
approach to stamping out say vivisection
performed on primates it's hard for me
to imagine they take a gradual or
halfway approach to reducing the
production of beef would vegans say
let's try to reduce beef production by
50% or um would they actually try to
basically burn down that sector of the
economy overnight I just said I made a
much longer video with a much much more
reasonable humming and hawing but in
this video I am just putting forward the
question and saying that all of us can
watch the peculiar contradictions of
history that now unfold in places like
India Taiwan possibly Israel and we can
look in the mirror and look at our
fellow vegans who show up at events and
meetings and we can ask ourselves these
difficult questions